[Music]
Good afternoon family Good evening
whenever you're watching this video
I'm starting live right now it's
1 in the afternoon I don't think there will be many
people today but oh well it was the same as
recording it So that it takes less time to
upload I'm going to be here reacting to the
Turbo plan video I was going to record it so
that rime will edit it for the
main channel but it's not really worth it
really the main channel is going to
stay for some video that I want to
make in edited format
and Surely it will stay there kind
of museum no let's see wait a second let's
go here the copy of the winrar okay
surely today I'm
going to go a little screwed everywhere
okay I want there to be the
Thursday debate of three sauces I want there to be
at night the Thursday debate of
kids Thank you very much will you
forgive me I'm not going to answer much well
see the supercharnos I have another
no but forgive me for not thanking
the members and so on because I'm going to
focus on the video okay I'm going to
focus on the video this is not a
live as such but I want  stay
up like the answer Turbo
plan could have your thing to
always answer is to have an
edited video with your clients and your things
but first of all it doesn't pay to do
that I'm more interested in doing it here
quickly so that it's uploaded whoever
wants to see the answers to each of
the points can watch it in full whoever does
n't watch it in full can't give their opinion and anything Let's
see, I also have nothing
against Turbo plan on a personal level
super that they hate him and that they are against
him or anything like that even if they think
otherwise okay but he doesn't
understand but he doesn't understand he
explains it many times he doesn't understand But anyway let's
go to the video okay he has
uploaded more he uploads a video called the
biggest fan of Dallas he has come back to me and
attacks me in the worst way okay he sells me
as the biggest fan of dala because that
demands a type of audience like that
hates Dallas a lot therefore They also have to
hate their biggest fan no and his
biggest fan well is very stupid because fan I
understand or rather it's like a way of
nullifying the argument and really Turbo
plan just like others would not even be
how many  times I've invited you to
come when you have a difference to
debate live I mean really you are
the founder of the town and you are the one who
created the word town no but you are the
same as the others I mean I really don't
understand the allergy that you have to debate
it's content I mean it's content
nowadays live shows are more popular than
edited videos What happens is that
you guys are better at
edited videos where I can cut a clip
put it here that seems like a
contrary thing okay but live shows are
content then you can upload it to your
live show too and if you are so clear about
your arguments damn debate I don't even know
how many times I've said Turbo plan 20 to
debate sale of beat on any topic that does
n't agree with me on this
topic on another topic never wants to debate
never wants to debate Yesterday I already saw the video
okay but we're going to watch it here today I haven't
prepared anything I mean I'm going to
answer from memory and with whatever you have
my hand okay well people Well it turns out
that recently I found out that our
dear friend and neighbor say it in
Francis has prohibited has decided to
prohibit the  gossip content on your
page on your YouTube estandares and of course it is
assumed that when they sold this
platform as an alternative to YouTube
they said that there you were going to be able to
upload any video no unless
a judge removed it not like it was a
very free platform but with the passage
of time we realize that every day it
has more restrictions no and the latest
is that Dalas has decided to prohibit
gossip content and of course I was
a little shocked no because more than anything
the videos that Dalas uploads to estandares
are gossip Well more gossip border and
Juan el chisme that one of the
main characteristics that we want to
achieve in estandares is that users
can enter to see the content at any
time so we seek for
the videos to be timeless and not all the
gossip channels do not comply with this
specification and there is a youtuber that I find
very funny he is very funny It's
good that I have my history with him it's not
like before well we got along well
but one day well I decided to criticize
Dallas and he well started to attack me
this is based on  the absurd To
sue the audience that is
suing no I mean if I get here
to click and find the
Turbo archive I did not start insulting you and
attacking you because you criticized Dallas
in fact what you are saying is a
lie what you are doing is a lie
that Turbo plan I already made fun of someone is
the bomb no I mean Turbo plan I already
made fun of someone is the most I could
find in a Turbo plan video
Turbo plan calling Alien a comedian this
really is a lie it is a very good
argument and it suits you very well in front of the
public that you are suing it is an
argument that works for him not one that will
enter his head and it is a truth that he
can repeat it a lot of times it
can become the truth But if you search
in the archives and search in order no it
is not like that really I have never insulted you
because you criticize Dallas I have been
able to react to your videos and that
maybe I do not agree but
insult you never me what happened to me
with you was that you insulted me and I
have that recorded
Turbo plante has been angry since he spoke
with Dallas he is  very angry since he
spoke to Dalas but he pays the heat
on me and it's like I'm not to blame
for what's happening to you with Dalas but it's that
really here in a minute what he
said is a lie the first part
is criticizing Dallas that in that I'm not going to
defend Dalas because I don't
agree with that either or it doesn't
seem logical to me that you don't allow SEO
in estandardeo and I've already explained the
reasons now the reasons are not what
these people say but well we'll get
into that Now later that he
mentions it again in the video okay
but as far as I'm concerned in the
minute I already lied or rather I didn't start
insulting him because he criticizes Dalas that is
literally a lie you are the one who
started insulting me
always in videos and in the live that we
did in fact and I have it on WhatsApp
in fact in the live you started
insulting me because you lost your temper because I was
not right which is what you
always do in live insults you did not
apologize on WhatsApp but you never
did  publicly And I have continued
getting along with you on WhatsApp
until you blocked me in fact you are
very dirty Turbo plan because on several
occasions and you know that your audience
repeats it in the comments it is dropped
that I am the one who gave your phone number to
Dallas
Without your permission when you know
perfectly well that they are I will lie I have the
conversations when I always see
your reuploads while I work and today I
finally catch you live greetings crack I
have the conversation that when Dalas
asks me for your phone number I don't give it to him
and you know perfectly well who gives it to him
and you have not had the balls to this day I don't
know if it's because you are afraid of the other or whatever
because you also [ __ ] yourself on the one who
gave him your phone number I don't know why you do
n't say it in public Javi I do not give my
phone number to Dallas Stop saying that
Stop saying things about Javi that are
lies he has no balls Turbo plan
has no balls at all dude you are a hive
okay that's my problem with you I
don't have any personal problem that cannot be
discussed whenever I want we can
talk live or privately I have
nothing that cannot be solved with you
but the fact that you started insulting me
publicly and it's recorded it's you and live
publicly when you lost your
temper let's go in fact the live is on
my secondary channel it has almost a million
views you insult me I never
insult you I
never insult you I think I got
heated in a live and after and I
insulted you and in the same live I asked for
forgiveness but you insult me and you
still haven't apologized I
'm still waiting for a public apology
because you insulted me in public
this is a fallacy this is something that
you say to make it look good like
I'm the Dallas fan no and I
started it and I got along with you and no
I've gotten along very well with you we've
done very funny collaborations we've
made parodies of each other and we've
never taken it anymore we've
laughed but the moment you get angry
with Dalas and you get angry with Dalas you get
angry with me because I don't agree
with your opinion I have never disrespected you
in those criticisms you to me yes
[Music]
come closer everyone and listen to the legend of the
chupa chota yes it's true  the gossip is
not within the characteristics
that they want to accept in estandares something
that can be against what audacity and what a
biggest mistake I made in
life with these people at what point did it
occur to me to make a 40 minute video
saying positive and negative things about
estar deo eh what a crime eh wow has
happened if the Victoria video with the
content that Dallas makes but as I said
on my secondary channel well I understand that it
is not an issue of whether or not
Dallas is criticized I think it is
more an issue of logistics let's
see do you know what the word
logistics is Turbo plan I do know what
the word logistics is because
unlike what I think you guys I don't
know if maybe I'm going to be wrong and I'm
going to say something that is not I have
worked in logistics because I have been
contributing for almost 17 years in my working life I do
n't know if it was 17 and a half okay I have
worked in logistics all my life
logistics is an issue of storage and
things like that okay you can't just
take things and put them in willy-nilly and
do things willy-nilly  tun and less
when you are responsible for the
economy of a company, okay, you have to
know how to get the most out
of the spaces, you have to know how to get
the most out of the
minimum investment, these are things of logistics
and business, okay,
I do not agree with Dallas and I
have said it a million times, okay, I do not
agree that Dallas does not
allow gossip in shows, but it is
not my platform, if it were my
platform it would be only for
gossip, but it is not mine, I do not
agree. I think that
a solution should be found, I understand the point,
Dallas' point, well, the point is that not even
Dala's point is a matter of logistics and do
not make a face because it is literally like
that, the reason he gives it is because he has
a cost for the servers that
right now are costing him money, right now,
gossip. In fact, I think it
is not profitable. Although Dalas says that it is.
Right now it is late or he has some expenses
and he has to generate more than what it costs,
otherwise the business does not make sense, a
gossip video that takes up money on the
server is worth space, a gossip video
has a life of two or  three days or
a week, it's best, okay,
that video after a week will
be taking up spaces that are being
paid for
without anyone seeing it, that video, okay, Oh,
but it's that dalas uploads gossip videos
already, but it's that Dalas
Thank you all, but it's that Dallas in
that gossip video that he uploaded, he
raised what it costs to be estandar for I do
n't know how many months, what does it
seem fair to you? What does it seem
Unfair
to you, man, what I don't think is
right is that then he does allow other
gossip channels like
raimito's that is uploading gossip, okay.
But what I'm telling you is the
point of logistics and these people, and I don't
know if he said it, Turbo plan, I've
heard it from him, but other people
are saying that it's because of censorship.
I've already explained the point if you don't
understand it, I can't do anything, by title
plan, but I can come to understand
that you, as a critic, may
agree on certain things with Dalas. No,
for example, I say it openly, I
have no problem estandares, it doesn't seem to me
that everything there is bad, I think
which is an opportunity for new
creators and I've been taking a
look at it and I've seen videos from creators
that hey, they're worth it and that's
fine and damn it has to be said but there are
many other things that are
completely indefensible how they
got me I have clicks from other channels
where they got me for saying this that
just said another plan how does it
occur to me to say that nestardeos there are videos
that are good for example the blow
or I mean how can you defend that
and say that it's not that bad
again another plan about the gore I have not
defended it what I have said is that it's not that
bad that it's a girl tied up but I have
said that it doesn't seem professional to me or so
that a company a platform its
anti-piracy method is that well it doesn't
seem professional to me I have not defended it
defend it I have said that it would be great
you know the difference is that really
these people everything that is not
saying the nonsense that they say
because you plan it you have said that this
has a 5 year jail time these people everything that is
not saying the nonsense that
they say is defending I have not
defended it I understand that it is supposed to
according to his explanation he's saying that it
's an anti-piracy method now it
seems to me a tied up girl is something that
a 15 year old boy does to you but a crime
of five years in prison doesn't seem like it to me and I
still maintain
the subject of the video I really
left me hallucinating you decide what you
think in the comments box but it
seems incredible to me the insistence of
someone in reviewing the source code of
a web page in which Dalas has uploaded
a paid video I still maintain it
Look I'm completely sure that
if a YouTube worker would think of
putting a gore video in the source code of
a YouTube video in the
same way that they have done in standard it's
not going to happen of course I'm
giving a crazy example but I
bet an egg that if
a YouTube worker puts a
lingore hidden inside a video on
a YouTube page you won't
find it because you don't watch it you watch it
and keep an eye on it because it's Dalas dude you
have to get into the source code you
have to search within the
source code for what looks like a link you have to
take the link  copy and paste it into the
browser but you have to remove the
food and you have to remove I don't know
how many words and I don't know how many
characters for a real link I
mean it doesn't make sense that I think
gore is fine it doesn't seem like a girl late to me
and it seems to me that it's not professional in a
company that lends itself but it seems to me
that you are not healthy in the way in which you
watch the kid's every move
and you do it because he is Dalas cool that I'm
not saying it for you because in this case it
wasn't you but I'm not
defending him I'm saying that it's not that
bad you know it's not Look it's not that
bad or really or I mean it's
ugly she's a tied up girl it doesn't seem serious to me there are
many things I can tell you but that you
have 5 years in prison had a plan
some content creators came
to classify this as a crime that
could even have sentences of five years
in prison That's right that I said it is that in
fact you can search for it on the internet that
[Laughter]
fusion of explicit content of that I don't
want to say exactly what appeared
in the video but many of you already
you know what the video was like The thing is that
what I said I didn't make up in fact I
got it from an official page, not from
any news website or anything, no, not an
official page, the Spanish agency
Turbo plan here what they are
explaining to you I'm going to tell you with all the
love in the world and Super slowly and I
challenge you to a debate to explain this to you This is
worth it And it freaks me out that after I explained it to you you
make a video and say the same thing
is that then they start making fun of me if I
say that they don't understand things or that
I'm on another level than them okay I'm not saying
that I'm on another level than the rest
of humanity I say I'm on another
level than you guys okay
no offense really Turbo plan this
website is official yes it has the coat of arms
of Spain but it is not an
official website of the Penal Code or the
civil code King for you to look at whether it is illegal or
not it is illegal or the consequences that
sharing that video may have okay you have to
look at the civil code and the
penal code Okay if you're telling me that
this is a crime that carries a five year
prison sentence you should look at the
penal code and  I'm telling you, if
someone decides to report Dalas
for that, file a complaint because it would be a
criminal complaint, they'll laugh their asses off in
court and they won't admit it and they
dismiss it, okay, I mean, I'm telling you, I'll
bet you whatever you want that
someone will file a criminal complaint
against Dalas for that criminal case, they'll really laugh, they
literally laugh, what
you're looking for is an official page
but it's not the penal code nor is it civil code, it
has the Spanish coat of arms and it's official
but it's the Spanish
data protection agency, here they're
talking to you about the data protection agency,
what would be a crime that could
carry a prison sentence, okay, it would have to
be something very serious for it to
be five years, for it to be
five years, I think it would have to be,
for example, if I took and filmed
someone through the window of their
hotel room [ __ ] with someone else and
published it on the internet and went viral, something
like that. Turbo plan,
what that article is telling you is
that. For example, imagine that someone in
a high school or university is
suffering.  Bullying and all the
kids beat up someone
okay another kid and humiliate him And they
record it with a cell phone and it spreads on the
internet and goes viral and if the person
responsible is an adult then it
could lead to jail time I don't think
5 but oh well shame okay But for it to
be five years in prison it would have to
be something that violated the privacy
of the person that undermined their
honor in a tremendous way man I mean but
in a tremendous way but that gives things
to a gore video that you never know if it
's real that you never know if it's a
lie because not even gore is
illegal
okay I mean look at it really in that they are
saying stupid things and they are
applauding you Simply because you are
against me and Dallas man you know that you
are saying stupid any
intelligent person is laughing at what you
are saying and I mean it
With all the respect that I can have
Turbo plan because I do not dislike you
but you are getting into things that you do not
know man This is the Spanish
data protection agency  It is not the
civil code nor is it the penal code, do you
understand me then that there may be
a law that is similar and that you according to
those words can adjust it wait
to see if the aforementioned data that says
the following: the recording and dissemination of
images or videos without consent
may constitute crimes
punishable by penalties of course
criminal liability the recording and
dissemination of images or videos without
consent may
constitute crimes punishable by
penalties of up to 5 years in prison of course
there in a generic way Turbo plan to take it
by ass this phrase can square with
what I want it to square let's
see Turbo plan
the recording and dissemination of images without
consent that the least fits the honor
the privacy that humiliates that person is
worth the sleeping video of olvido hormigos do
you remember the video of olvido hormigos
the video of olvido okay
the recording is done by her do you remember the
video of olvido that was a woman who
apart from being a teacher was a councilor of the PP
I think she was I don't know if she was from the PP but I think she
was from the PP that woman with
all her right in the world recorded herself  jerking off
with the
fingers of the PSOE was Well, she
recorded herself masturbating and
sent it to the guy she was with I do
n't know if it was an affair I don't
remember I don't know if it was an affair or if he
was her partner or whatever no what
happened was that person spread
the video everywhere Okay, in that
case, it would surely have carried
a prison sentence, probably not 5
years, but that is something that violates
someone's privacy, like
their honor is even less suitable
okay, I've
given you another example, which is
someone recording someone in a
hotel room and spreading the
video around sleeping with someone else or
putting the woman on a thousand things Turbo
plan but the video that says dala is
gory that will be downloaded another page that you
already go you know Where it comes from, no, no,
nobody would accept it Turbo flat, so it's
not referring to this This
law really son is that no, no, eh,
up to five years in prison So yes,
indeed, spread And yes, don't kill yourself
for  explain it to these people don't
criticize it too strongly, defending is
like that lawyer they took to
Slvame who found a law on Google
that sounded good to defend RC
face rolling in laughter that's how they
handle it is that it's not about not
attacking the dala was strongly or
weakly it's not about that it's about the fact that what
Turbo plan is saying here is not true but the thing is that I
already told him in a video first I
challenged him to a debate of course a debate you did
n't do it to me okay And now he takes
his balls and says it to me again last night
in this video
dude and now when now if I laugh and
tell you that there is no way to explain
things you make fun of me and you
take it as if it's cringe because I am
superior no if I really
take it with all the calm in the world but the thing is that
this is laughable and on top of that he
interprets it as if this phrase
is saying what he says look it was a
crime punishable by up to
five years in prison So yes,
effectively spreading content on the
internet  Well it's illegal, wow, what a
surprise, I didn't expect it at all,
obviously to do that and that's it and he didn't
realize it, man, please if there's any
jurist or any lawyer or something who sees
this live, please leave a
comment well explained in the
most vulgar and most rustic way
possible to see if someone can make him
understand better than me, that is something that
any person realizes is not
right, he even challenged me to a
debate about this that he says no because he said it
was a lie, I mean, this is the level.
So what do you want to debate me about? It's
very good to put up a video
that I haven't told you is very good.
What do you want to debate me about? What I
want to refute is that what you're
saying is not true
and it was a lie, I mean, this is the level.
This is the level, it says that it's very good to
put up a video that I haven't said is
very good, but it's that I haven't
said at any time that it's very
good, those are words that you pull out
of your ass to fit with the story
of your chat that I haven't said that it
's very good. Turbo plan  that you find me
the clip where I say that gore is very good,
a platform
is that I don't understand it, well as many of you
already know, giving them in these last months,
well years, practically Dalas accused
as a medium YouTube of being the worst, No, to
many of them without proof, not saying
that a friend of hers simply told
her what we all understand with a
friend, it's that the ex of that
youtuber told her, not like for example to 8, she said
a lot of barbarities and still to
this day, no, she hasn't shown anything, I haven't
used it as a
marketing strategy for her platform, this
computer to say that she's going to upload the
video but however, she has never uploaded it.
Oh really, man, no, I don't use it as a
marketing strategy, I said it in a
live stream and all of us released the clip
of a live stream that he didn't even publish, he didn't do it
to do a
marketing strategy, man,
and I still haven't heard that 8
has sued him or reported him, damn, are you
going to forgive me, but
a guy tells me, also on repeated
occasions because he has done it on several
occasions, he said it in a live stream that maybe if  They
say it live, well,
but it still doesn't appear to me
in any news or anyone knows how to say
that 8 has reported Dallas.
I would like 8 to report Dallas
or sue him because no one says anything about
that, why does no one, no one instead of
criticizing when giving them for that, why does no one
criticize eight or eight also,
why the [ __ ] doesn't he report it because when he gives
them, he does that repeatedly, you
go on a live stream,
my lawyer, I don't know what,
that, well, the truth is, it doesn't create
a lot of confidence in me, I'm not going to
accuse him of anything, apart from the fact that it's really
ugly not to accuse someone of something without
having any proof, if you're going to accuse him,
well, at least do it with the proof. No,
because if not, and the funny thing is, if Dalas has
proof, which I don't know, if Dalas has
proof, imagine that
a friend came and has some audios or has
conversations, okay, or he simply
trusts his friend or he has some
videos or he has, who knows what's
going on, he couldn't publish it
if Dalas publishes it. Then he would be
committing a serious crime
if Dalas  had something and published it
Then I would be committing a serious crime you just
have no idea what he's talking about
let's see I'm going to explain it I
explained it in today's video okay in the
video that Javier Canijo uploaded I
explained it I'm going to explain it again in
the most vulgar way I can think of
okay
the presumption of innocence who should
have it are the judges okay the
rest of the citizens have to respect it
But there are dogs that you have taken 800
clips because I said but
the judge has to have the presumption of innocence
as a flag and
someone's innocence has to prevail in any trial
the judge is always going to acquit more
than convict there has to be
completely irrefutable evidence that
meets certain requirements for that
evidence to be sufficient to convict what do I
mean by this the judge does not decide
based on what he believes
the judge follows guidelines that are
marked by law and they are guidelines
that are mandatory for him in his work
okay the judge Maybe he thinks
someone is guilty but it's no use for
the judge to say  Oh, well, in all the
evidence there is, Well, it's that this
kid doesn't trust his word. I think he's
guilty, I condemn him. No. Even if the
judge thinks someone is guilty, if he does
n't have evidence to condemn him that is
completely flagrant, okay, and
irrefutable, he doesn't condemn him
even if he thinks so, or maybe he does
condemn him. Then the provincial court comes
and corrects him or the
supreme court comes and corrects him, okay, but
innocence prevails over guilt
unless it can be proven. That's how
the rule of law works in our
country. I don't know if in Colombia, I don't know if in
Argentina, I don't know if it's different in Mexico,
but that's how it is here, okay,
you like it, you agree, I'm
telling you what it is, you understand. So
if you, as a citizen, publicly accuse someone
of a crime, they can
prosecute you through criminal proceedings for slander
or through civil proceedings for the right to honor.
How can you avoid being
convicted? Well,
in the trial in court you
prove what you're basing yourself on to accuse someone
of that crime, okay, Dallas, yes  he has something
in court if he can deliver it what he ca
n't deliver on YouTube on
YouTube so you believe it Turbo
plan he can't do it that's a crime but
if someone reports him there he can okay
that would be the veritatis section okay or that it
be spirit defendendi which is not the
case because 8 has gotten us with him spirit
defendendy was for example what
wismichu did wismichu accused to give the
crimes but they held on to the spirit of
fendendy in fact that wismichu showed
that part of the sentence okay among
other parts that there was okay without more without
more or that you are really convinced that
this Crime has been committed based
on something that is true you see it doesn't even have to be
true you see it
's super simple I mean if you don't
understand I can't do anything else
for you
if you don't understand I can't do
anything else for you in fact it doesn't matter at all
if there is an acquittal
in which someone has been found innocent
and you continue to insist that
someone is an abuser For example if
you are convinced because you have
evidence okay I'll give you a  for example here in
Spain anyone who lives in Spain and
is more or less my age or a
little younger even and if you don't
know it ask your parents
the case of Carmina Ordez Carmina
Ordez was a woman who went on
television to tell a story of
abuse a story of abuse in which
her ex-partner had beaten her up
according to her he had done everything to her
even photos of her being assaulted all
over and many things okay
her ex-partner her ex-husband the man who
was with her was acquitted because the
judge said that his guilt could not be proven
Carmina's children today 20
years later They still call the
abuser every time the subject comes up on
TV okay the children are not
stupid okay they are some of the most
important bullfighters from the most important family in
Spain they are children of paquirri and in fact
Carmina Ordez was the daughter of let's go a
huge figure in bullfighting in Spain okay we
are not talking about nobodies or
scum who are not well advised
okay Carmina's children  today even though
that man was declared
innocent they
continue to call him an abuser and that
man has reported them on numerous
occasions and they have never been convicted
there you have an example of what I say there are
dogs there are dogs
that outrage you a lot that there are dogs I don't care
dude I'm telling the truth
So look you can keep lying and you
can continue well let's see me you are I do
n't believe it okay for example I don't
believe it but look
Miare it's very sad but Miare can
continue saying that she gives the abuse
okay let's see she can report her Dalas to
her but well she risks being
released but unfortunately that's
how it is I mean rocito keeps saying that
Antonio David is an abuser okay
rosito keeps saying that Antonio David
is an abuser because because then
there in court she can say that he
hit me that he beat me up that it's that
but that is
the word of one against the other and
she can grab on to a thousand
legal things so that they don't condemn her and then
that acquittal would be used
as if it were  a conviction
against the other is that it is
very easy is that I see it I
see it super simple to understand man It is
that I see it super simple to understand it
is not that complicated I see it super
easy if you do not understand it I am very sorry I
can not do anything for you
really I can not do anything for
you Look Jorge Javier Carlota
corredera all these people continue
calling Antonio David an abuser and
they have been convicted not them
directly as people in the
television factory have been convicted they have to
pay Antonio David like 200,000 euros
for violating their honor and now
Antonio David is going to file a
macro lawsuit against all of them because they continue
despite the fact that they have already been convicted for
calling him an abuser they continue or rather it is that
Javi defends Dallas saying that
well if Dalas says it Hey,
if Dalas accuses another person of being a
lot of things It will be because he has
evidence then well I want to think
that Dalas after being a person who
for years I want to think false and
I believe that Dalas is based on something and they
have condemned him in the media I am not
conditioning anyone I am not I am not
pointing anyone out nor am I
accusing anyone falsely I want to think
that Dalas when he is saying this for a
reason I want to think and I trust based on
what I know the kid Well, don't
see the turns they gave it and how they
twisted this that I say for a reason
when Dalas says it for a reason they have
reduced it to the absurd that I have said
Ah well go on you say it because he is the
smartest on YouTube yes Dale you say it because he
is very intelligent and he knows that when
he says something it is for a reason I
mean For a reason I mean that he must have seen
something good Well pay attention to the funny part not
many people know about this because
within the YouTube world people are
not very informed about the gossip not from
the gossip press from here to Spain
But Javi is like Ok within the
YouTube world people are not into
gossip you
if we had a live broadcast of 100,000
viewers with Antonio David
another open front on the other hand another really good
gossip in which he is
involved supporting a man who
Antonio David calls because his ex-wife who is
very famous well is involved in a
gossip defending this Antonio David
because his ex-wife has accused him on
television of loving her so Javi
defends him Antonio David defending the
presumption of innocence which is a
right that says that everyone is
innocent until proven I
am not defending him because of the presumption of
innocence I am defending him because his
ex-wife is lying Turbo plan which
is not the same as me I
am not even breaking the presumption of
innocence of those who are accusing the
dala that I am not accusing
these things drive me desperate Turbo plan
Antonio David is defending himself
because there are three episodes of two hours
each in which his ex-partner
contradicts herself
okay the case of Antonio David has been
investigated for three years with 1,500
pages that are lies and nonsense and
nonsense
and the ex-partner when she is doing a
gossip program it is because she already knows
that she has no legal recourse but
the newspaper archives also contradict
rocito
okay but I've said a million times
that even if the presumption of
innocence exists rocito will be able to continue
calling Antonio David an abuser as many
times as she wants and Antonio
David can't sue her he can
sue her but if Antonio David loses
simple people like you would take that
acquittal because
she is not convicted as if it were being
claimed that he is an abuser and that
she wins because he is an abuser you drive
me crazy you drive me crazy
I am not defending Antonio David I am not
defending Antonio David because of the presumption
of innocence I defend him because the
evidence contradicts each other because there are
indications that rocito is lying I'm
going to recommend a thread Okay and I did it I
said it in the other video I'm
also going to recommend a video a
thread ok the tweeter is called
boumatodon or something like that put me out there in
the chat I'm sure there are many people
who know him there is a thread from 2018 in
which bou perfectly reads the
Dallas sentence with reference to the trial  of the
minors okay there are a lot of people who
say nonsense like that she has released due to
lack of evidence it's not that look it's that it has not been
possible to prove it has not been possible to
prove it to us no the Dallas trial with the
minors was a comical spectacle that
was comical look at Bowl's thread
where he puts the best points of the
sentence when that girl is asked for
the testimonies when she is asked for the
conversations and
her contradictions the ridiculous that they made declaring
okay I mean it's not about the presumption of
innocence it's about that within the
things that they are putting on the table
with the accusations are [ __ ] man they
are [ __ ] and they point to lies
Turbo plan I if they don't understand it I can't
do anything for you really what's that
then he laughs at me if I say that I
understand things in a another simpler way
but it's not that look what he
is getting out of me king
otherwise in a
judicial sentence no but of course in the case of
Dallas absolutely nothing happens no we do not
criticize this or say
absolutely nothing even if he is accusing
other people without evidence that
his evidence is I have spoken with a  life
I can be very that no that no that no that no that no
but yes that in fact it is that
in fact in the television factory we
are going to see Look Jorge Javier and Carlota
corredera for example okay Silvia
Thank you very much queen Jorge Javier and Carlota
corredera they continue to call Antonio David an
abuser and they are condemned because the
television factory has been condemned for
violating Antonio David's honor they
have to pay him 200,000 euros okay that
right now they are appealing it they are going
to lose it too okay If Jorge Javier and
Carlota corredera had seen or
had irrefutable proof of the
abuse they would have presented it in
court and they would have been released for
slander or for insults or for or for
honor
but it is not because it is Dalas or because it is
Antonio David
lecta Thank you very much that no that no that they do
not understand family that they are not going to
understand that they do not want to understand that they
say that I am saying it because it is a
court
I am in favor of the presumption of
innocence but if I see my neighbor
hit his wife I am going to
call him bad bad Which  it's the or rather,
these people are [ __ ], man, these
people pretend that the presumption of
innocence is 100% always
like an immovable law let's see the
presumption of innocence Of course you have to
follow the letter the
presentation of innocence is immovable
for the judges
you have to respect the innocence
of others and you can't defame
someone or slander someone
publicly but for me it is
immovable if I have seen someone here
enter my house and steal my TV I'm
not going to wait for there to be a trial and
a conviction
not that maybe there is even a
trial and they acquit him I'm not going to
wait I'm going to continue calling him a
thief I said it in the other video it
has happened to me that I have audios and
captures That serve me to call
someone a thief
and maybe later there is a trial that
acquits him or they say that it can't be
proven I'm going to continue with my evidence
calling whoever I have to call you a
thief I'm  giving an example as
if I can call you an abuser as if I
can tell you that they don't understand that they don't
understand man that they don't understand
but what you can't pretend Is
that I see someone hitting a
woman and they don't call him Sorry man
no if I've seen it my eyes friends and
here he is giving the example that if
he sees that someone has marked another
person of course he's going to say it but the thing is that
in the case of Dallas, at what
point has he seen with his own eyes
that another youtuber is an m or whatever
all the things that he has called them that
you don't know that you don't know Turbo
plan that you don't know that they should
report him that they should report him But
why don't they question why they don't report him
But why do they look for the hair on the
chicken leg at Dallas
but no, they don't question that it is not
reported
with greater it does not matter Well a lot of
youtubers I now realize
even alexby came to accuse that I was
left freaking out the truth send me 10
more minutes  It's just that he's very strong, man, he's
very strong, dude, but what the [ __ ], man.
Okay, I
have to defend myself, I have to defend. It's just that he
's very strong, man. I want to think
that Dalas, after being a person who has been
falsely accused for years and
falsely condemned in the media.
I want to think, and I trust based on what
I know the kid, that when he says
something, it's for a reason. I mean, for a reason,
I mean, he must have seen something. I suppose
that, well, if you say it and accuse
half of YouTube of being p, it must be for a reason.
No. I suppose that, of course, since he's been
falsely accused, well, he has the
right to listen to everyone without
evidence. No, what does that have to do with it? What's
more, I'll tell you one thing, and this, that they take it out
of context, that they also take the
clip, okay? I'll tell you one thing,
yes, literally. Yes, if someone has
accused him of being a pedophile, he can
now go and accuse him of being a pedophile.
That's how the law works.
If someone has accused Dalas of being an
abuser, he has accused him of being a pedophile,
now he can call him a pedophile in
response.
That's how the law works.
because I would be doing it with the intention of
retouching with the intention of
How your head has exploded now Turbo
plan does work like this I do
n't know what you guys have seen but
in five or six or seven years that I have been
dealing with the Dallas controversies,
in the end, Dalas always ends up less in ridiculousness and
absurd fights with youtubers like this
nonsense of the video of Rubio
hitting Windy where he took a
cut video I don't know in the room but the
important things Of course because accusing
Rubius of being a md of women is not
important at all what's this
nonsense about no fact that
today or rather the clip that I show all the
was out of context it was someone that
I criticized Dalas for this
I criticized I have a live stream of I don't know
how many hours criticizing Dallas for
this he ate a cut video
It's that yesterday they threw it in me again
and the day before yesterday too if I have
a video criticizing Darlas for this
but just as I tell you Here he ate a
manipulated video I tell you that in the other
case I think it has something
edited
Hey Javi, honestly it makes me really angry when they suddenly take everything out of context, it's too much
of everything
Turbo Plant says, greetings, handsome, chispas, it frustrates me a lot, it frustrates me but
I can't do anything to know what I'm telling you, I mean, they have that audience and they
have to sue.
Look, in fact, yesterday I'll touch on that because of that I made
a video here on this
secondary channel also supporting him so you can
see the video he made. I'll touch on that he
's a kid who belonged to the group of
channels these stinkers who insult me and
take everything out of context and who
do all these things to me, I won't touch on that
in the last week he's
been agreeing with me with
this presumption of innocence, I mean,
all the [ __ ] time they've been making
videos with tens of thousands of views,
tens of thousands of people  calling me
dog calling me pet calling me
everything because of the issue of the presumption of
innocence because I put a but on a
video I put a but I did not make the mistake
of and I will play is showing them with
Spanish sentences that what I am
saying is true
none that there Thank you very much none is
going to be a video apologizing to me
okay his chest breaks and they tear their
clothes saying that Dalas never
recognizes his mistakes they tear their
clothes saying that Dalas do not
recognize their mistakes and none is going to be
a video apologizing to me
none In fact I am talking to the
egun pasa who was the first one who took it out
to come here and he does not come because he
says that well although I think that
although my thing is legally covered
that he does not agree but what do
you have to agree
almond head that it is like that literally that there
are no interpretations that it is like that awesome
that it is that there are no interpretations and it is not that
Dalas does not recognize his mistakes it is
that Dalas is a narcissist in a Let's see
how many of you now recognize that it
had  wrong with me and where is
Javi at night a hug will come back
later today I have to work all day
to see how many of these people make videos
apologizing to me and
telling your audience that I am
right the clip shown
was out of context it was someone who
deliberately edited the video to make it look like
Rubius to someone who wanted to
hit him
and even so that they sent him the
original clip and all this says in the video
that follows there it says P.S. for those who
say oh that is out of context there is no
context whatsoever to go around saying
that not even as a joke If I jokingly said
something like that I would base it on the full
everywhere I have never said it and they call me m
Rubius says it they justify it or rather he is
aware that the clip was out
of context I was born he says no no but that
I have a video criticizing Dalas for
that or Turbo plan happens that I am not going to
criticize him in the same tone as you the
context none that in the trials in
the accusations that have been made against him I mean it
is that the turboplan here what he is
doing is like that I  let's give it to him I
defend him in this Rubio thing
Oh damn
in the end he turned out to be a
more or less logical kid Sensible and intelligent
because he is he has gone crazy many
times he has missed an
opportunity
if he is leaving me in two days and you
are not telling me the things that you
say to him he is not going to go away
caused by why Because they accused him they
falsely founded that it was a lot
of things, practically what
he is doing with a lot of youtubers
yes I think it is practically the same of
course and this Seriously, do you really want to
tell us that Dalas behaves in an
intelligent way when he
is basically acting for
What are you saying
if it is that I have literally said a
million times that the Dalas who was
doing things well was the one from 2019 and
2020 that is already leaving But of
course I still maintain it is
leaving him caused by people like you
but the thing is that I maintain it is not a
scandal for me to say that is that I
fervently believe it
If Dalas has the attitudes that he has
today and the  things that are because
because
revenge has been crushed, I don't eat anymore, I don't know if for the
mere fact of hurting other
people and you want in response
call it justice call it revenge
call it whatever you want from something in
response Turbo plan but how can you not
have revenge but how can you not have
revenge with the things that you do to her
but Turbo plan if you have revenge
with me because I have defended Aldana But
if you are angry with me for the debate
with Dallas but if a video is made to you,
I have lost a thousand subscribers and I
or I fall with a person for life
but what balls do you have all to
criticize him for revenge Well of course he
was Of course he is blinded by
revenge But who are you to
criticize that if a video is made to you and you
lose 2,000 subscribers and do not
forget it for life
but it's that you have some balls
something is wrong with a person who
wished you and tried to do bad things that
makes you the same bad
person The answer is simple not whoever
says it  the opposite is a piece of
hypocrite and a liar because nobody
believes in this life that you are going to be like
Jesus Christ, who
would admit that they did him harm and not
wish the same thing back Well, if we
see that Dallas himself is
admitting that he does indeed wish
evil on other youtubers in the form of
revenge Well, I don't know what you're
doing is justifying your hatred by saying
that oh They did the same thing to me
So what's the point of complaining and fighting
for what they've done to you if then you're going to
do the same thing to other people It doesn't make
any sense that the kid
is going crazy For some reason and
that he's always on the defensive I don't know what it
could be but the fact is that this is the
result of all the
psychological beating they've done to him if he has
the attitudes that he has it's a meme it's that it
's a meme It's that he screws up It's that he screws up
a lot it's that he posts a goren video
dude it's that they sat him in court
for 800 crimes that he has not committed
because one thing must have to do with the
other I mean it must have to do with the fact that they
sat him in court that it was
more than two years ago with the issue of the
website it was two months ago
one thing has nothing to do with the other that has
nothing to do with
the attitudes and the way of being that
Dalas has today that has nothing
Turbo plan
if they do the same to you you'll pull your
hair out dude If you cry during a [ __ ]
YouTube debate dude imagine seeing yourself
sitting there asking for 30 years in
prison for child cyberbullying dude
But how is it that Turbo plan has nothing to do with it
and then you report your enemies
and all the reports are archived
How is it that it doesn't have it like it's not to
go crazy Turbo plan my
balls are falling out without waxing
with you guys how is it that
Turbo plan has nothing to do with it but look how you are
because of a debate
how they sat him in court [ __ ] he
won the trial [ __ ] I don't know why We have to keep going around in circles about
that he
won the [ __ ] trial you're still with the
torso thing he
won the [ __ ] trial And you're still with
won for lack of evidence
Turbo plan I don't think specifically but
others do
but people Yes  most of the same
people yeah
man I really don't have the empathy exercise
that they ask of him with
him
I really don't know Maybe I have
another view because I have
another image of the dala I don't know maybe I'm
wrong but I want to see clearly
and transparently what I'm
saying eh Yes, he already won the trial
but of course if he continues to screw up for other
things and of course if he also posts tweets of
this style I think that doesn't help
much the truth is to clean up your image but
regardless of this people will
no longer give him
this style I think that doesn't help you
're comparing a tweet that gives you cringe
a tweet that gives you cringe because the
kid looks handsome and sexy you
're comparing me with what
happened to him this doesn't help clean up his
image it
's a tweet that gives you cringe man
What bag are you putting him in man
there it is he put them on Twitter with
cringe because he thinks he's good
there it is he made a drawing because he
uploaded a drawing because he thinks he
draws well
what are you comparing me one is that they
put in the same  I take out something that
really But if there are other streamers who
do the same thing literally ibai came out
a tweet that is more or less similar
literally a tweety came out that is more or less
similar but no no no
I don't really like the truth cleaning up your
image but regardless of this
people no longer attack him for that issue
people attack him for new [ __ ] he's
doing and then there's the issue of
gossip no that when Dalas well
literally the youtuber who dedicated
four hours there to me in which he spent
four hours mentioning my children is
from the Team that attacks her and everyone
knows what team is about
the end in the end it's going to be the same I'm
telling you now
save this clip dude who was going to ban
gossip from his platform because he put
an excuse in practice it's
timeless content no that it's not going to have views
when I don't know if it's supposed to be a
free platform No well let the
creators upload whatever they want what's the
problem with the content is the
seo when the same day makes
gossip content anyway Javi said
something like well nothing happens
no that this is  like it will be a
server problem and that's pretty much it
alone
because they say things that I haven't said
[Music]
But why do they say things that I haven't
said gentlemen that these things are that it is
to pissme off
when the first thing I have not said
well nothing happens but if I had
said it does not matter because their platform if
you do not like it do not register okay that I
agree I do not agree
I man if you are making a
platform That everyone has the freedom to
say what they want all the roll Well
well prohibit gossip because it consumes
servers but I have not said eh
Nothing happens It is logical because a
server problem I have not said that man
if you have understood it like that because you have not
given time to process it put
my videos look here Turbo plan Look
here you have a tool that
YouTube gives you look and you can put
my videos up to 0.25 man criticizes
revenge the one who does not overcome the debate with
Dallas and every time he can goes to the neck without
an iota of objectivity
has it in for me I
know he has it in for me and he is
criticizing the advantage Look at Turbo plan if you
do not understand  my videos I know my
accent is a little closed and that many
times I don't vocalize well here you can
put it up to 0.25 to find out man
Why do you say that I have said something
that I have not said
so that your audience says Uy that I have
[ __ ] you have given it to Javi that is
[ __ ]
you have made it up if it
is true the gossip does not fall
within the characteristics that they
want to accept on this channel I mean that
someone can be reported for things
of minors and then they will ask them to
turn the other cheek and not be
spiteful that hate is bad and
cheap moralism Dalas I think was the one who
said about the servers
So the thing is that I don't care what
the dala says about the servers if
I don't agree with what I
understand that it will be a matter of logistics and
that then whoever he likes
allows him to make gossip okay I don't
think it's right that he does that if he is
advertising the platform as a place where you
can talk about everything He should He
should even allow
criticism of him okay But I'm
explaining to you that the problem of  logistics
is like that, that's how
I'm telling you that it seems good
or bad to me but the thing is that anyways it's that
their [ __ ] platform is that
you don't have to like it good or bad it's not
a foundation it's not something of it's not
something public of the state if you don't like it
you don't register you go to YouTube dude or to
Twitch What do you think is a shitty
platform then don't upload content there
but if it's that you don't have anything to
claim that you're going to go to facua to the
consumer as one of them said the other day I do
n't remember who it was it's
theirs the issue is [ __ ] well don't you
think It's as simple as that
there are things that seem good to me there are
things that seem bad to me but what I'm
not going to bring a channel dedicated to 100%
ducking
late something that may be contradictory
with the content that Dalas makes but
as they say but it's not that I have a
channel of It's not that you don't have a channel of
being of voice you can have a channel
dedicated to being two if you want okay It's that they
are telling me that I bite
for Dallas when they are literally
biting me because I have made a
video
saying positive and negative things
because it's a crime you can't say
positive and negative things about dala or
estardeo I mean it's not that I bite
those who mess with Dalas it's them who
are biting me for this
That's the hypocrisy my secondary channel
well I understand that it's not an issue of whether
or not Dallas is criticized I
think it's more of a logistics issue
and they surely have the
right budget for servers so as not to waste
hosting but what surprises me
is that when a big content creator
doesn't attack the gossip channels they
always take out their claws and go
against it not in the plan of Hey what are you saying about the
gossip content the gossip content
has to be that it has to do with it
man what does Turbo Plata have to do with it
Of course he has joined has done to acne
Of course he has joined this but if he
looks at what he is comparing now
that it has to do with Turboplan let's see that
for logistical reasons because it doesn't
come out of his balls on his platform he
doesn't allow gossip it is not comparable to
me criticizing people when  they
look down on gossip channels dude I
mean let's see what it has to do with it dude
you know what it's not comparable Dallas
is not against gossip channels
and wants to ban gossip in the world
and he makes a fight and a claim
like Agustn did the other day so that
gossip would disappear from our
lives he simply for
logistical reasons does not approve it on his platform I
mean I do not agree either with
that he should allow it or find a
solution in fact I proposed a solution
in the same video that you have not
put for example that videos can be uploaded
and a week or two weeks later
those videos when they die they are deleted
But what are you comparing to me what does it have to do with
dude the day he comes out to
say that I hope the gossip channels disappear because
then there is what you
are saying
dude they get out of their [ __ ] ass at the moment eh I
mean they do the gymnastics in a way that
suits them eh to be accepted And yes I
say this for Agustn 51 no that he screwed up and  he was
wrong he thought that auronplay
had insulted him in a
Minecraft series but in reality it wasn't
auronplay well the fact is that
the kid was wrong and started insulting
Europe because he thought that auronplay
had insulted her But well the
gossip channels especially Javier Oliveira
got into a lot of trouble with him even
going so far as to threaten to
report him and the kid attacked
The kid The kid Turbo plan and my
presumption of innocence where is it Where
is the video agustn51 because he called me a
psychological abuser
who said that I was an embarrassment to
my daughter of course mentioning
minors again
Agustn said that I was an embarrassment
as a father and that I would have to explain
to my daughter that I was dedicated to
psychologically abusing people where is
your video outraged you for my presumption
of innocence
for the kid The kid was wrong
here my presumption of innocence is useless, I
mean I reported him by threatening him
because I was criticizing the gossip turbo
pla I am on another level than you or
I am not on another level than you
understand now why don't you come to a
debate
I could get frustrated and I could get angry
but it's useless surely they
are watching This video and no yes and they still do
n't understand them
Turbo plan called me an abuser
where is your video because I call myself an
abuser that you have to call him you have to
call 8 so that you get outraged or
how is it You have to
call lesbians so that
you get outraged if Agustn 51 does it with me
not a video not a [ __ ] video you have
released Neither you nor the other nor the other nor the other nor the
other not a [ __ ] video because he
called me a psychological abuser when you
dedicate yourselves to creating the same content
as me not a [ __ ] video
hypocrites Dallas has to make it so
that today on Disney
not a [ __ ] video and look how you are
referring to him The kid The kid
That kid is not crazy not that
Agustn  51 that one is not
crazy no that oliveira they messed
with him a lot even to
the point of threatening him and the kid
attacked the channels
and it makes me laugh as if this youtuber
wants the gossip channels to
disappear because obviously you have
messed with him a lot it is very bad
Poor Agustn 51 eh Dallas
Dallas a spiteful man Dalas a
spiteful man
Dalas is out for revenge because a
spiteful man with accusations that have already
happened
Agustn Poor thing he can call me an
abuser because they have messed with him a lot
what the hell man what the hell
eh what a [ __ ]
Turbo plan has put me
in this video eh what the hell man
what the hell stick and the gossip channels
have the right just like the rest of the
channels but nevertheless if they
prohibit the gossip channels on their
platform when he himself his
gossip channel well nothing happens it will be a
logistics issue it is not like anyway I think
that rather a logistics issue this
kid  They've attacked a lot for
criticizing gossip channels when
I think he's actually quite
right in what he says.
This kid has been attacked a lot for
criticizing gossip channels when
I think he's actually quite
right in what he says.
Turbo plan, you have a brain made of plasticine. You have a brain made of plasticine. You
have a brain made of plasticine. You, your
followers, everyone who continues to subscribe to
your channel and all the channels like you and
who follow your lead.
If after this video they
don't all come out to criticize you, They're the same
plasticine as you, who
was completely right in what he said.
Thanks, Jose. And the thing is that what happened is that
the situation with Greg and Gemita,
people started to notice and that they
weren't together anymore and a lot of youtubers
who started to upload videos since they were
like a little. How to say a little cringe,
not like spying to such an
extent. I don't know. Call me crazy but uploading 84
live videos and I don't know how many are
about Sigemitas, tanks, and they come back that they didn't
come back is a lie, but they
hadn't even said anything when no one
wanted anyone to find out about that. More than
anything  because a lot of people went to
insult gemita no And the girl had a
bad time because
some most of these videos are not
speculative most of these videos
the only video is when this one was
when I gave the exclusive But what's
wrong with talking about
public things Turbo plan did
not make a video well
this was the video of the little black mermaid
who left come on Turbo plan did not make a
video about these girls who brought up
the Dallas conversations
yes yes
sit down
and Turbo plan did not make a video
of the girls' conversations
I ask eh I do not know it
by heart right now that was in August no
then I do not know if he did it but come on they did it I do
not give a dick I can
speculate and I can talk about everything
they talk about and if Peter catches Peter on a
live and starts talking about being together
again I will make a video for you It is that
really the 84 is that he says so much
nonsense that he has made the grandfather get up early
XD he looked so bad that he does not
care about attacking for the sake of attacking poor little plant
that it is not noticeable he does not get up early for this he gets up
early because I have to fix the
bike live Looking to see the details
of  if they are not there I see it as
too much content then Exactly the
same as what television does not
the tabloids it is exactly well do
n't see it saying Agustn 51 as you
see a paparazzi and a tabloid press one
who takes a picture of the blond with his
girlfriend half of Gran Va and uploads it in
three in Forbes as you can see it is nowadays
a piece of [ __ ] right like something
annoying like [ __ ] like something
disgusting shameful with
normal and current content and what there is but without
going overboard and getting into the
private lives of others I don't know for
example because I know that there are going to be people
who are going to say but it's that you talked
about grefi gemita yes it's true I talked
about Greece and gemita
What do they direct do we have to pray
to What virgin is there that we have to pray to
because I know that there are going to be people who are going to
say but it's that you talked about
grefi gemita yes it's true okay about
Greece and gemita
What lives is that Spain
but when they uploaded a video
talking on their channel and they did it
public before because I talked about Grace and
Gemita when Gemita cried in a live I
talked about Grace And Gemita when Ampeter
entered Ampeter's room and
Ampeter made a comment I talked about Grace and
Gemita when they did a live
recognizing him What's going on Turbo plan what
's the problem you have I mean because
you can defend the [ __ ] Agustn
to suck up to him and I can't
defend Ardalas when I feel like it
before that I didn't talk about whether they had
broken up they had gotten back together and such because I
had no idea what was going on in their
private lives and they hadn't decided to
make it public so anyway I don't
want to go on much longer I hope
you liked this video if so
give it a like subscribe with the
27 multi-accounts I'll leave my
social networks down here Twitter
Instagram so you can send me your
messages to see that the kid hasn't
disrespected me or anything but man
the video is pitiful the video is pitiful and
now you're going to see the comments from his
followers before I leave  ok Javi is
such a fan of Dallas that he works just like
him nimo he liked a tweet where Avi
asked him to leave because he had been
dedicating several videos to her in a row, I mean literally
literally they
criticize Dallas because she manipulates and Avi
did a Photoshop to make it look like they
were four videos in a row when there were
four videos in four months okay and he
went against her in a way
that even there He is a complete bore I mean
I am a complete bore for
making a video nimo I think I've
made like three four or five videos
nimo in I don't know how many months but these
people in a video about Dallas approximately every 48 hours
and nothing happens
Javi is going to end up getting a
hernia in his brain if he keeps doing
those mental juggling
I'm going to get a hernia in his brain but reading but
reading or I really love how Javi
doesn't understand the difference between the
presumption of innocence and flagrancy no
comments are necessary the archangel face
rolling with laughter Michael
Thank you very much train you and Turbo the
dismantling that you have given Javi is
impressive
impress He's sure that
Dallas will impress by banning
gossip content he's shot
himself in the foot
Dallas can ban whatever comes out
of the balls and he's going to continue uploading
whatever comes out of the balls 30,000 euros he
earned with the video he made which by the
way I criticized the video he made
too because I found it disgusting
neither in the movie nor in the animes
exist Someone who has suffered as much
as Dallas
probably No It's that I don't understand I
mean I don't understand why they turn
Dallas's suffering into a meme man I mean I don't
understand the
boy is entrusted to Saint Jude Thaddeus patron saint of
lost causes no Hahaha Thank you very much
fifth I mean literally they reduce because
in the end they are going to end up with the team that you
all know all of them in the end they are going to end
up with the team that you all know or they
are At the same level okay because they reduce
to the absurd the suffering of a
person who has been reported three times
for gender violence the three have
become friends after
the issue of the minors the issue of
the videos that there are with 20 million  of
visits accusing him of everything I
don't know I would like to see them in the same
situation, I mean really it's that I
would like to see them in the same situation And the
thing is that I don't see any meme what I
'm saying I would love to see them in
the same situation to see how they
take it Because if they take a debate or
a video like that they lose 3,000
subscribers and they are already stuck
with Dalas for life Imagine if the
same thing happens to them, Cadalas are
some complete hypocrites man
who are then the first to get
anxious turbo plasma because I
went to town because he got
anxious
Turbo talks about The threat of lasers and
the fraudulent strike that they will give the
stuck I don't give a damn The threat is not a
threat it's a compliment if it were
a threat I would warn you and I wouldn't do it
but it is a compliment I have told
someone to throw away absolutely all
the videos in which even the slightest
clip of me appears and I don't give a damn because there
I dedicate 4 hours live talking about
my children and I have to do something that
seems hypocritical I don't give a damn and
if  I'm going to appeal, I'm going to file a
lawsuit in which they won't order me to pay
costs even if I lose because I'm not going to
ask for money in that lawsuit And I know
where I have to go and he's going to lose his
channel, I don't intend for him to
lose the channel but I've already
warned him and to remove all the videos
that have a clip of mine even if they are videos
reacting to other videos if a
clip of mine comes out we're going to throw it away and when I send
the appeal I'm going to file a lawsuit He's going to lose
the video he's going
to eat the strike and he's going to stay and he's going to have to
spend money on a lawyer
to defend himself and win or lose which I'm
sure I'll win but the thing is that if I
lose they're not going to order Costa and if they
order me costs I don't give a damn I'm
going to defend my family, I mean if there's no
more if it's that I think that what I
'm saying is the most logical thing in the
world Javi Oliveira insulted Cell
when he had a debate with Agustn
I didn't insult Ser
But he seemed like a sweetie to me according to
his words it's that you can't go around
lukewarm with a person who cursed
you and your colleagues How is it that you
let him speak freely he
was just eating your ear and
lying down I don't know really literally dala
was accused by his exes without any
proof and He was canceled many times for
that And Javi knows it And now Dalas tries to
be exactly the same with other
youtubers without proof also without
proof according to you Alejandro without proof
according to you
person who is on the other side of the
world has no [ __ ] idea how to even speak
Spanish
gives the second and Javi is sinking
with him Javi has the highest salary he has ever
had in his life Because Javi is
dedicating himself to other things than these
nonsense
there is a universe in the world of gossip that
is outside of Dallas in fact the fact is that dala has
been like two or three weeks without
doing anything and you are taking gossip about
Dalas without having done it
We confirm Dalas has suffered more than
Jesus Christ you see it they reduce it to the
same nonsense that they say they
reduce it to the same nonsense
How funny to remember how Javi made fun
of two of Doki saying that he was
Dala's puppy Hahaha And it ended  being
his biggest lavezuelo is not comparable Doki
with Javi Oliveira literally not
even is
that he does not even have not even have
anything comparable but
absolutely nothing does not want a person
who said that Dallas made books better
than Harry Potter which is jk
rowling Doki was a person who had
in the banner of his Twitter to Dallas a
photo of Dallas but not him with Dalas no no
literally Doki had in the va it's that they
always make the same comparison
Absurd Doki was pathetic defending himself
if I regretted those videos I would
delete them Doki was ridiculous
Doki defended Dalas in a
completely indefensible thing and also very
bad I mean it's that it
always makes the same
comparison it's that Javi called Doki it's
not the same it's not the same
but they do this Because all the
channels especially the
bigger ones and all well all the channels
these absolutely have done and I have
saved the clips in case at some
point I have to respond or whatever they have
encouraged people to call me
pets and have said things like saying
Javi is a Doki behaves like
dokin no no I'm acting comfortable
Kevin Thank you very much Doki was making a
fool of himself
Doki was making a fool of himself and he did it in
exchange for a pair of pants or to continue
working with Dalas I mean no I
have nothing with Dalas I do
n't get any benefit I'm telling you what I
think I could be lacking principles
and say contrary things in private than
in public like they do okay or
maybe he doesn't understand it and they don't have the
evil to distort it I
personally think they distort it
because they are suing the public What is it
But the thing is I can't tell you the
same things is that I don't I can't take you
and make a video saying the same
arguments as these people To sue these
people to have this audience
I could Look despite all these
years that I'm defending Dallas
if suddenly tomorrow I say Game Over
Dallas Dallas you're a Hiccup and I say the
same nonsense that they say this
audience would accept me they would forget what
I said before they wouldn't tell me Oh now
you've changed your mind No well now we don't
believe you they wouldn't support me
because they base themselves on that okay I mean but I
can't tell you one thing that  better it's
going to give me more money in your
circle okay because really these
topics have very low monetization
dude I mean it's not worth it to me not to have
the principle you won't see it worth it to say
these nonsense and make a fool of myself for
things that are not true do you understand me I
mean the cpm of these Dalas things And
that is very low
what the [ __ ] am I going to sink that you have no
[ __ ] idea dude
what the [ __ ] am I going to sink dude anyway these are
things that I really don't know I mean I know
that he's making fun of it and that it can be cringe-inducing I do it
to provoke when I say it's that
I am on another level than these people and I'm
always right I do it to prick
and to give them cringe to piss them off
but it's really It's
the truth it's that I am on another level but
we are light years away but light years okay if
the criticism is given Dalas like those followers will
applaud Javi Of course they will
applaud me they will forget everything I have
said before and they will applaud it But the thing is that
I can't tell you something that is not
because then it happens like Turbo plan that
suddenly  in a video Agustn is defending you
and Agustn called me a
psychological abuser that my content
is to mistreat people psychologically
okay And he has been so comfortable
defending Agustn
that he has been so comfortable
with all his balls none
of this group
none of them has made a video I
think it's him he put it at the end of a
video
cell put it But cel is not let's see it
lukewarm it reads like that But well it's not the
same as these people because it's him at
least as far as I've seen he has
a bit of Mania aldala he has a grudge against him it
's normal to give him some strikes that he
shouldn't have given him but he doesn't do
the same you know I don't agree with
many of his opinions and there are things that he does
n't understand the same as me but
this is already beyond How the hell don't you make
a video Agustn 51
And how the hell do you reduce that I told him
that I want to report him as
nonsense because he criticizes the
gossip channels dude it's to
really piss me off I mean
what Turbo plan said is to
load me
that they have a  [ __ ] month
throwing [ __ ] at me
a [ __ ] lot of people have been throwing [ __ ] at me for
the presumption of essence because they
put a But on it and it turns out that I am completely
right
but the same as in that in everything
And they are not going to be a [ __ ] video
apologizing or even deleting this
I am leaving family that I have here by the
line from the institute we will see each other later
after eating on tele salseo
surely in the afternoon and at night I do
n't know if I will do a podcast now I will see
what topics we could clash and thank you very much
to those who have been a lot of people
in this live at this time I did not
expect that until now there would be people
but well it was to leave it uploaded a
kiss family
[Music]